Document the Subgoals XML command (#16567)
coq/coq: dev/doc/xml-protocol.md

-------------------------------

### <a name="command-subgoals">**Subgoals(flags: goal_flags)**</a>
Similar to [Goal](#command-goal), but with `flags` to control whether to include
information about `fg`, `bg`, `shelved`, or `given_up` goals. The flags also

> include a `mode`, which is either "full" (return hypotheses and conclusion) or
> "short" (return only conclusion). The "short" mode is useful for speeding up

Reviewer: ```suggestion
include `mode`, which is either "full" (return hypotheses and conclusion
for each goal) or
"short" (return only the conclusion). The "short" mode is useful for speeding up
```

goal display when there are many shelved or admitted goals with large proof
contexts, but the IDE only needs to know their conclusions or how many there
are.
```html
<call val="Subgoals">
  <goal_flags>
    <string>${mode}</string>
    <bool val="${fg}"/>
    <bool val="${bg}"/>
    <bool val="${shelved}"/>
    <bool val="${given_up}"/>
  </goal_flags>
</call>
```

#### Returns

> * The same as [Goal](#command-goal). Goals filtered out by `flags` will be empty
>   lists.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* The same as [Goal](#command-goal).
```

Seems unnecessary to say that it can return empty lists--what else could the call possibly do?
